az.codesigning initial version (#23908)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/CodeSigning/CodeSigning/help/Get-AzCodeSigningCustomerEku.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.CodeSigning.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.CodeSigning
ms.assetid: 846F781C-73A3-4BBE-ABD9-897371109FBE
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.codesigning/get-azcodesigningcustomereku
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzCodeSigningCustomerEku

## SYNOPSIS
Retrieve Azure.CodeSigning customer Eku

## SYNTAX

### InteractiveSubmit (Default)
```
Get-AzCodeSigningCustomerEku [-AccountName] <String> [-ProfileName] <String> -EndpointUrl <String> 
-MetadataFilePath <String> 
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzCodeSigningCustomerEku ** cmdlet retrieves customer Eku.
Use this cmdlet to retrieve customer Eku.
There are two sets of parameters. One set uses AccountName, ProfileName, and EndpointUrl. 
Another set uses MetadataFilePath.

## EXAMPLES

### Example: Retrieve customer Eku
```powershell
Get-AzCodeSigningEku -AccountName 'contoso' -ProfileName 'contososigning' -EndpointUrl 'https://wus.codesigning.azure.net' -Path 'c:\cisigning\contosocipolicy.bin'-Destination 'c:\cisigning\signed_contosocipolicy.bin' -TimeStamperUrl 'http://timestamp.acs.microsoft.com' -MetadataFilePath $MetadataFilePath 
```

```output

> Eku string or list

Reviewer: Please add a detail example here.

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.CodeSigning.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.CodeSigning
ms.assetid: 846F781C-73A3-4BBE-ABD9-897371109FBE

> online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.codesigning/invoke-azcodesigningcipolicysigning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.codesigning/get-azcodesigningcustomereku
```

-MetadataFilePath <String> 
```

```output
Eku string or list
```

This command creates a software-protected key named ITSoftware in the key vault named Contoso.

## PARAMETERS

### -AccountName
Specifies Azure CodeSigning AccountName used to sign CI policy.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByAccountProfileNameParameterSet

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfileName
Specifies Azure CodeSigning ProfileName used to sign CI policy.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByAccountProfileNameParameterSet

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EndpointUrl
Specifies Azure CodeSigning Endpoint used to sign CI policy. It's an Url, format is https://xxx.codesigning.azure.net

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByAccountProfileNameParameterSet, ByMetadataFileParameterSet

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MetadataFilePath

> Specifies Azure CodeSigning Metadata file path used to sign CI policy. It's a file path, and the metadata content is below.
> 
> ```yaml
> Type: System.String
> Parameter Sets: ByMetadataFileParameterSet
> 
> Required: True
> Position: 1
> Default value: None
> Accept pipeline input: False
> Accept wildcard characters: False
> File Content: Json
> {
>   "Endpoint": "https://xxx.codesigning.azure.net/",
>   "CodeSigningAccountName": "acstest",
>   "CertificateProfileName": "acstestCert1"
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies Azure CodeSigning Metadata file path used to sign CI policy. It's a file path, and the metadata content is below. File content example:
{
  "Endpoint": "https://xxx.codesigning.azure.net/",
  "CodeSigningAccountName": "acstest",
  "CertificateProfileName": "acstestCert1"
}

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByMetadataFileParameterSet

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```
```

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.CodeSigning.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.CodeSigning
ms.assetid: 846F781C-73A3-4BBE-ABD9-897371109FBE
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.codesigning/get-azcodesigningcustomereku
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzCodeSigningCustomerEku

## SYNOPSIS
Retrieve Azure.CodeSigning customer Eku

## SYNTAX

### InteractiveSubmit (Default)
```
Get-AzCodeSigningCustomerEku [-AccountName] <String> [-ProfileName] <String> -EndpointUrl <String> -MetadataFilePath <String>
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzCodeSigningCustomerEku ** cmdlet retrieves customer Eku.
Use this cmdlet to retrieve customer Eku.
There are two sets of parameters. One set uses AccountName, ProfileName, and EndpointUrl. 
Another set uses MetadataFilePath.

## EXAMPLES

### Example: Retrieve customer Eku
```powershell

> Get-AzCodeSigningCustomerEku -AccountName 'contoso' -ProfileName 'contososigning' -EndpointUrl 'https://wus.codesigning.azure.net' -Path 'c:\cisigning\contosocipolicy.bin'-Destination 'c:\cisigning\signed_contosocipolicy.bin' -TimeStamperUrl 'http://timestamp.acs.microsoft.com'

Reviewer 2: Please split the example into 2

Author: This is done.
